what is this it's the wave of change
we've got to get on the ride five four
three two there are plenty of reasons to
dance explain the only way to find out
is to try it come on some sex site this
world Eric it wasn't that bad where you
going I'm leaving I want to be free bill
you think they could have run off what's
that woke you man wow thank you little
physical and swamp off you'll be
apologizing I'm gonna tear you a new
nostril the entire population is trapped
by huge walls of ice and snow
done we're penguins we can't fly Elijah
Wood Robin Williams it's incredible
everybody came except what that guy who
stay behind because he had the sniffles
oh no he's here Hank Azaria tink Brad
Pitt Matt Damon moving up the food chain
I'm gonna go do you want something that
has a face no no no little chewy you
just nibbled on its butt sofia vergara
you me fat chance I have a chance and
it's sad this is our moment happy feet
two def indeed was the best friend for
if he cannot bring a daddy and his boy
together come on beautiful only on the
outside
no no no no